JavaScript Testing Basics lesson: Update installation instructions for @babel/preset-env (#31201)
TheOdinProject/curriculum: javascript/testing_javascript/testing_basics.md

   By default, the current version of Jest will not recognize ESM, which is why you will see their guides use CJS syntax (e.g. `module.exports`). In order for you to be able to use ESM with Jest, you will need to do following:

>    1. Install `@babel/preset-env`. We pin it to v7 so it matches the `@babel/core` version that Jest installs (the latest `@babel/preset-env` requires `@babel/core` v8 and will fail to install):

Reviewer: Slight wording nit, don't need to go into the exact package stuff, and this is only temporary anyway until Jest updates their babel deps
```suggestion
   1. Install `@babel/preset-env` (as of writing, Jest requires Babel v7 and is not yet compatible with the latest v8):
```
